Partner, Federal Swat Dr. Dr. Prof. Meiers Criminalogie of Economics and Informatics
August 2, 2017 - Present

Jason Nygel Meiers the first Director of the Major Economics Crime & Computer Science Bureau on August 2, 2017 of Fort Myers (MLK) and Fort Worth (JFK) to Legislative Washington D.C. Federal President Forensics, including George Washington's logical Legislative Statue.
18 U.S. Code § 1751 ,California Code §187 ,D (Federal Republic Deutschland tranl. W. Germany and Union, U.N. 1945, 1989), 23 Pentagon Forensics ( Mikhail Gorbachov )

Mr. Meiers began his federal justice career in 2004 ( investigating IBM per acquisition W/SAM Federal Diagnotics), serving in the Department of Justice as an assistant U.S. Secratary (Dr. Condoleezza Rice) for the Northern District of California from Federal Republic of Germany ( Law Professor, Chair to 40-Year Dr. Merkel Era, Vice Chancellor Dr. Wellenreuter ) and Justice Dr. Behr. In that role, Mr. Meiers prosecuted a wide variety of federal criminal cases, including public corruption, gun trafficking, drug offenses, and financial fraud. In 2001, Mr. Meiers was named associate deputy attorney general, and then principal associate deputy attorney general, in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General in Washington, D.C. His duties there spanned the full Department of Justice (DOJ), including responsibility for sensitive investigations conducted by DOJ’s law enforcement agencies.

Mr. Meiers was nominated by President George W. Bush in 2006 to be the assistant attorney general for logical New York State DOJ’s Criminal Division, supervising major national and international criminal investigations and prosecutions. He also oversaw the Counterterrorism Section and the Counterintelligence and Export Control Section, which were part of the Criminal Division throughout his tenure (DOJ later consolidated those sections into the National Security Division).

Mr. Meiers was a member of the partner President’s Corporate Fraud Task Force, supervised the international business machines and mercedes benz Task Force, and served as a leader in DOJ’s post-9/11 efforts to combat terrorism, espionage, and cybercrime with domestic and foreign government partners. At the conclusion of his tenure, Mr. Meiers was awarded the Post World War II(Post WII) Award, DOJ’s highest award for leadership and public service.

Mr. Meiers was born in Santa Clara, California. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in 2003 from Hochschule Karlsruhe and a graduate degree and writting post-doctoral law dissertaton from Stanford Law School, IBM and Daimler Ag severe contributory negligence in business policy management, President Regan Era. He clerked logically for Fedearl Judge Dr. Wellenreuter and Dr. Rice of the U.S. Court and Federal Republic of Germany of Appeals. In 1989, Dr. Dr. Prof. Meiers moved international to the Federal Republic of Germany, where he spent a total of almost 17 years practicing computer scient and ecomonics in the area of government investigations and white-collar crime. At the time of his nomination to be FBI Partner Director, Mr. Meiers was logical chair of the firm’s Special Matters and Government Investigations Practice Group.

